the second you guys walked away all of
our camera gear started glitching like
the footage started deleting itself are
you kidding no joke it just said all
files deleting like cancel and I have to
cancel and then like recover all the
files alright so as I'm editing this
video I'm having a very hard time
wrapping my head around what actually
happened there was an unusual alignment
of a lot of coincidences that made this
entire experience extremely creepy as
you're watching this you might choose to
believe that this was just a series of
unrelated coincidences and that
everything has a rational explanation or
you can choose to believe that this is
signs of paranormal activity I'm
personally not someone that believes in
those kinds of things but in this case I
just have no answers there's a lot more
things that happen while we weren't
recording but here's what we captured
[Music]
opened in 1957 in a desert of California
this Motel had a good run until the
owners passed away in the 90s and as
lodging in Vegas located nearby became
more and more excessive it eventually
pushed the motel to go out of business
in 2009 leaving the place opinion and
supposedly haunted by its previous
owners
yeah you wouldn't like all in black you
ready yeah exactly
okay so today our friend George anko is
joining us for the first time he's a
quiet low-key youtuber good morning
anyways I hope he's gonna be fitting in
with us you should definitely go check
in mind it's pretty much an all-around
entertainer a very funny guy and we're
taking him to an abandoned hotel montage
final this what just happened there blue
you're in the middle of nowhere in the
middle of the desert and our tires
exploded on the side of the highway
we could have spun out treads down
all right so our Savior his entire
telethon we stole this car
[Music]
that's what we gotta learn how to do we
get to go yes sir
it all starts I think that's it right
there here we go
loyal
this looks really tough in verse six
really sketchy
[Music]
[Applause]
what's weird
anything
[Music]
[Applause]
the screen glitched it just went mental
for a while
she wasn't hello like noise from the
back here it's like I think where they
controlled the televisions they have TNT
HBO CNN Disney Monday oh my god noise is
coming from all right so we're gonna go
up the attic I think it's an animal well
I see that it's empty but I don't feel
like it's empty if you guys go I'll come
with ya yeah is it big just a bunch of
wood locks like it's just what's holding
the roof together basically there's
nothing up there though there's like
spray cans a bunch of old wires and
noise yeah I'm just thinking that if I
need to start the car first I need the
keys
[Music]
temple is dusty
all right whatever it is it's no longer
here could be dead what those wall oh
this is the owners old house yeah this
is the whole house it's big holy Sh this
is like an destroyed pine castle and
these all from like 80
[Music]
things become very creepy when they're
abandoned
[Music]
damn this is the the house of the
previous owners trying to be respectful
Oh in here that's why this is basically
like a whole apartment there's a kitchen
there's a library is a living room
all these clothes lefty money it's like
reduce Jackie
oh these huge bras that is gross damn
that's the owner comes aren't is it yeah
yeah damn kid yes
it kind of looks like Darren uh you
serious yeah we heard there's gonna be
something in there it's weird you hear
it in the attic or something around here
the cats in charge all of our gear start
to glitch like it actually everything
started to delete itself like out of
nowhere
are you kidding no jokes it just said
all files deleting like cancel and I had
to cancel and then like recover all the
files
[Music]
we're currently and the graveyard just
outside the Muto there's cars buses
cranes army vehicles and everything is
rusty everything is old
[Music]
check out
just be an amazing place to dump the
dead body
you know like Breaking Bad well those
like a brand new lock
[Music]
weird thing is there a nurturing special
sense and they're like people living in
this town so they know we're here just
picturing the kids I said to get school
[Music]
well this is actually no sir it's not
going here we actually follow
instructions it said no trespassing
we're not going nowhere else has
actually said fall coming from over
there - and on that note I'll be in the
car go check out our friends George
Jacob new man and mr. Brendan North the
amazing vlogs check out they make
amazing content and all that you'll need
it in the description mr. Brennan
[Music]